Create documentation (#32)
meilisearch/firestore-meilisearch: POSTINSTALL.md

### See it in action

You can test out this extension right away!

1.  Go to your [Cloud Firestore dashboard](https://console.firebase.google.com/project/${param:PROJECT_ID}/firestore/data) in the Firebase console.

2.  If it doesn't already exist, create the collection you specified during installation: `${param:COLLECTION_PATH}`

> 3.  Create, update, or delete a document in the collection called `${param:COLLECTION_PATH}` that contains any fields with any values that you'd like.

Author: No, this file will be displayed in the extension's overview. You can see the result in the picture I put on the PR definition. So this parameters will be interpreted like:
<img width="640" alt="Screenshot 2022-03-24 at 15 15 43" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16155041/159935910-2883bf3d-fa65-48a4-84d2-014384471a3f.png">

4.  You can check the tasks of your Meilisearch instance with this query to see if the action has been well performed:

    ```
    curl \
      -X GET '`${param:MEILISEARCH_HOST}`/tasks'
    ```
    More on [tasks](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/tasks.html#tasks)

### Using the extension

Whenever a document is created, updated, or deleted in the specified collection `${param:COLLECTION_PATH}`, this extension sends that update to your Meilisearch instance.

This extension:

> - Indexes a document in Meilisearch and send all the fields or configured fields defined in the extension.

Author: I want to say that it will index all the fields except if you configured `MEILISEARCH_FIELDS_TO_INDEX` it will index the fields you configure

> - Indexes a document in Meilisearch and send all the fields or configured fields defined in the extension.

Author: I can change for:
- Indexes a document in Meilisearch. It will send all the fields except if you configure specific files to index in the extension.

> - Indexes a document in Meilisearch and send all the fields or configured fields defined in the extension.

Reviewer: ( I think you ment specific fields )

I like it! You can also provide a link to the customization like this: `[you configure specific fields](#link)`

- Update a document in your Meilisearch index.
- Delete a document from your Meilisearch index.

### _(Optional)_ Import existing documents

> This extension will only export your documents if they have been modified or created after its installation -- it does not export your complete dataset of existing documents into Meilisearch. So, to backfill your Meilisearch dataset with all the documents present in your Firestore collection, you can run the import script provided by this extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension will only export your documents if they have been modified or created after its installation -- it does not export your already existing dataset of documents into Meilisearch. So, to backfill your Meilisearch dataset with all the documents present in your Firestore collection, you can run the import script provided by this extension.
```
I have a hard time understanding the whole sentence. I think I get the first part but then the second part is not very clear: 

> So, to backfill your Meilisearch dataset with all the documents present in your Firestore collection, you can run the import script provided by this extension.

Author: I modify it let me know if it's better

Reviewer: Yes! It is :)

> The import script can read all existing documents in a Cloud Firestore collection or group collection and index them into a index in Meilisearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The import script reads all existing documents in a Cloud Firestore collection or group collection and indexes them into Meilisearch.
```

> **Important:** Run the import script over the entire collection _after_ installing this extension, otherwise all writes to your database during the import might be lost.

Reviewer: > otherwise all writes to your database during the import might be lost.

What do you mean? `all writes might be lost` or `some writes might be lost`? Do you mean that the user cannot update its firestore collection during the duration of the script?
